### Description

The script allows the creation of a specified number of structures in the database and keycloak used by LaBoite. Each structures will be filled by a large amount of users, created by the script. The goal is to test the integrity project, and to identify any performance issues with high amount of users. 


### Install

requirements.txt contains all import necessary for scripts to work.

```pip install -r requirements.txt```

The script needs a well formed .env file.
- KEYCLOAK_URL: URL of keycloak
- KEYCLOAK_REALM: Realm to use to create and store users and structures groups
- KEYCLOAK_USERNAME: An administrator username
- KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD: An administrator password
- KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID: Keycloak client to use
- ECOLE_PAR_ACADEMIE: Number of school by academy (structure)
- COLLEGE_PAR_ACADEMIE: Number of middle-school by academy (structure)
- LYCEE_PAR_ACADEMIE: Number of high-school by academy (structure)
- PERSONNE_PAR_ECOLE: Number of users by school
- PERSONNE_PAR_COLLEGE: Number of users by middle-school
- PERSONNE_PAR_LYCEE: Number of users by high-school
- MONGO_URI: URI of mongo database
- MONGO_DATABASE: name of mongo database


The script also requires an active LaBoite setup.


### Usage

```python3 users_generator.py <nb of structures> (<-r>)```

-r is optional and it allows to reset all existing users and groups of keycloak


### CSV generator and insertion of CSV data

It's possible to use a csv with formated data to insert in database. 
You can generate csv with fake data with csv_generator.py

```python3 csv_generator.py <nb of structures>```

This script will create three files:
- structures.csv for all structures/sub-structures
- mails.csv for mails extension for each structure
- users.csv for all users

You can reuse this csv and insert all data with:

```python3 users_generator_by_csv.py (-r) (<structures csv path> <mails extension csv path> <users extension csv path)```

-r is optional and it allows to reset all existing users and groups of keycloak
You can provide specifics paths for the csv, if you don't want to use csv generated by csv_generator.py

Be careful to have csv with good formating.

